Update the CONTRIBUTING.md guidelines (#2344)
operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) is an Apache 2.0 licensed project and accepts contributions via GitHub pull requests (PRs).

This document outlines some of the conventions on commit message formatting, contact points for developers, and other resources to help get contributions into the OLM project.

## Communication

> - Email: [operator-framework][operator_framework]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Email: [operator-framework@googlegroups.com][operator_framework]
```

## Contribution flow

This is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Identify or create an issue.
- Create a topic branch from where to base the contribution. This is usually the master branch.
- Make commits of logical units.
- Make sure commit messages are in the proper format (see below).
- Ensure all relevant commit messages contain a valid sign-off message (see below).
- Push changes in a topic branch to a personal fork of the repository.
- Submit a pull request to the operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager repository.
- Wait and respond to feedback from the maintainers listed in the OWNERS file.

Thanks for contributing!

### Code Review

Contributing PRs with a reasonable title and description can go a long way with helping ease the burden of the review process.

> It can be helpful after submitting a PR to self-review the changes yourself. This allows you to communicate sections that reviewers should spend time combing over, asking for feedback on a particular implementation, or providing justification for a set of changes in-line ahead of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be helpful after submitting a PR to self-review your changes. This allows you to communicate sections that reviewers should spend time combing over, asking for feedback on a particular implementation, or providing justification for a set of changes in-line ahead of time.
```

> When opening PRs that are in a rough draft or WIP state, prefix the PR description with `WIP: ...` or create a draft PR. This can help save reviewer's time communicating the state of a PR ahead of time. Draft/WIP PRs can be a good way to get early feedback from reviewers on the implementation, focusing less on smaller details, and more on the general approach of changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When opening PRs that are in a rough draft or WIP state, prefix the PR description with `WIP: ...` or create a draft PR. This can help save reviewer's time by communicating the state of a PR ahead of time. Draft/WIP PRs can be a good way to get early feedback from reviewers on the implementation, focusing less on smaller details, and more on the general approach of changes.
```

## Reporting bugs and creating issues

Reporting bugs is one of the best ways to contribute. However, a good bug report has some very specific qualities, so please read over our short document on [reporting bugs](./doc/dev/reporting_bugs.md) before submitting a bug report. Before filing a bug report, ensure the bug hasn't already been reported by searching through the operator-lifecycle-manager project [Issues][issues].

> Any new contribution should be accompanied by a new or existing issue. This issue can help track work, discuss the design and implementation, and help avoid wasted efforts or multiple people working on the same issue, compared to submitting a PR first. Trivial changes, like fixing a typo in the documentation, do not require the creation of a new issue. Proposing larger changes to the operator-lifecycle-manager project may require an enhancement be created in the [operator-framework/enhancements](https://github.com/operator-framework/enhancements/) repository.

Reviewer 2: 👍

Reviewer 3: > Proposing larger changes to the operator-lifecycle-manager project may require an enhancement be created in the

We should define "larger changes", so there's no ambiguity. Maybe something like: "any change to OLM's behavior, apis, and or testing"?

Author: I ran into this same problem locally and ended up just landing on a blanket term/phrase as creating an enhancement feels like a contextual thing. I'm fine with updating to use Nick's phrasing (or if Nick wants to add a commit here changing the existing phrasing) or simply calling out if there's any ambiguity, reach out to the maintainers, either through the list of communication channels listed in the `Communication` header, or create an issue to discuss whether an enhancement is applicable?

## Contribution flow

This is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Identify or create an issue.
- Create a topic branch from where to base the contribution. This is usually the master branch.
- Make commits of logical units.
- Make sure commit messages are in the proper format (see below).
- Ensure all relevant commit messages contain a valid sign-off message (see below).
- Push changes in a topic branch to a personal fork of the repository.
- Submit a pull request to the operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager repository.
- Wait and respond to feedback from the maintainers listed in the OWNERS file.

Thanks for contributing!

### Code Review

Each PR must be labeled with at least one "lgtm" label and at least one "approved" label before it can be merged.

Maintainers that have approval permissions are listed in the "approvers" column in the root [OWNERS][owners] file.

### Code style

The coding style suggested by the Golang community is used in the operator-lifecycle-manager project. See the [style doc](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments) for details.

> Please follow this style to make the operator-lifecycle-manager project easier to review, maintain and develop.

Reviewer 2: Should we add a reference to `go-fmt` here?

Author: If we're running down that route, it's likely best to call out what checks (e.g. Makefile targets) should be run before submitting a code-changing PR? Mainly thinking along the lines that verify the sanity-type checks that slow down review process should be done before submission.

Reviewer 3: If we have a `fmt` make target, we can abstract the tool choice here.

Related: eventually, we should gate PRs on lint status.

Author: Ah, weirdly enough it looks like we _don't_ have a check enforcing `go fmt` linting checks. I can update that verification check to also run `go fmt` (and maybe down the line, `go imports`?) outside of this PR. I'll still call out that's largely what we base style for Go packages these days.

Author: I didn't see Nick's reply in time when I was writing out mine - completely agree, we should be gating PRs on any linting/sanity/etc. type checks, like we currently do in the registry codebase.

Author: I'm going to add a TODO comment for now - I'll update this document once I get to adding that linting check.

Author: Once https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager/pull/2346 merges I'll update this document for what kind of checks should be run locally before submitting a PR (or introducing/changes/etc. new commits) so review time is shortened.

### Sign-off ([DCO][DCO])

> A [sign-off][sign-off] is a line towards the end of a commit message that certifies the commit author(s).

Reviewer 2: Maybe include a link https://github.com/apps/dco ?
